                                "text":  "Please transcribe and expand all details from this herbarium specimen label  Include the full expansion of any abbreviations present. For all entries do not shorten Units of measurement always print out full units. Do not Incluide any Full stops in Entries.If the output includes any words or phrases not in English, Translate them to English. For Titles do not us All caps, only capitalize names and locations and do not abbreviate any names or locations. I require information on the following categories:  I want the list to output in the following order, Title, Collected by(The First Collector),Secondary Collectors(These are collecors listed after the first) Scientific name, Associated Taxon (if any special symbols are present you delete those), Date collected (Date collected Verbatum (As you see on label)(If in Roman Numerals Convert to Arabic Numbers)),Formatted Date Collected [Formatted to Day/Month/Year (If date is only in verbatum convert to a formatted date)],Determined By (This can be found using Det if present on the sheet.), Determined Date (also can be found in a field that contains Det), Country(Spell Out Whole country if abreviated), First Political Unit [State/Provience/district], Second Political Unit [County if co. Use County],City(May be included in Detailed Locality, if so remove from there and put into city), Detailed Locality(Verbatum: This is how it apprears ion the label) [Anything below the country and political unit providing specific information about the location. If you see mi, Mi. Spell this out to miles. If you see Natl, this is national, if you see ft. this is feet, If you see M this is meters, Also, tease out habiatat from loacality and remove elevation from locality but keep it in its own elevation Also do this for Habitat and exclusively put that information in habitiat], Habitat (Example: Substrate, If not present use N/A), Elevation [if M is present it is Meters. If Ft is present it is Feet. If nothing is present put N/A], Collection name [WIll be anything if you see an institution in the label. If not use N/A], Collection Number [if Not present put N/A], Lattitude, Longitude, Addional Notes (if blank just put N/A), Raw format of the sheet with no changes and or categories"



                                “text”:  “Please transcribe and expand all details from this herbarium label. Include full expansion of any abbreviations present. For all entries do not shorted units of measurement and always print out full units(mi to miles, m to meters, ft to feet). Do not Include any Full stops in Entries. If the output includes any words or phrases not in English, translate them to English. For Titles do not use All Capitals, only capitalize names and locations and do not abbreviate any names or locations. fields are using DarwinCore formatting. I require information on the following categories and to output in the following order. Title, recordedBy (A list (concatenated and separated) of names of people, groups, or organizations responsible for recording the original The primary collector or observer, especially one who applies a personal identifier should be listed first.), secondaryRecordedBy, scientificName (The full scientific name, with authorship and date information if known. When forming part of a dwc:Identification, this should be the name in lowest level taxonomic rank that can be determined. This term should not contain identification qualifications), accociatedTaxa (A list (concatenated and separated) of identifiers or names of dwc:Taxon records and the associations of this dwc:Occurrence to each of them.), varbatimEventDate (The verbatim original representation of the date and time information), eventDate (representation of the data and time information in a format of Day/Month/Year separated by a /), country, firstPoliticalUnit (State/Province/district), secondPoliticalUnit (County if Co. Use County), city (May be included in Detailed Locality, if so remove from there and put into city), verbatimLocality (The original textual description of the place.), locality (The specific description of the place.), habitat (a category describing the habitat in which the event occurred.), verbatimElevation (the original textual description of the elevation), collectionCode (the identifier for the collection or dataset from which the record was derived), catalogNumber (an identifier for the record within the dataset or collection), decimalLatitude, decimalLongitude, occuranceRemarks, Raw format of the sheet with no changes and or categories that is a verbatim transcription as seen on label”

